hello internet friends it is Sara I hope
y'all are doing great right now there is
a ton of new music being released in
between Adele Coldplay I like building
just Bieber the list is endless and if
you know me I love music I love to
listen to music I listen to music all
the time and so I thought it was fitting
to do today's video on headphones what
type of Bluetooth headphones are the
best and what type of headphones are my
favorite that I just you know edit to
casually listen to music - so not
further ado let's get into it first time
in this video I'm going to talk about
Bluetooth earphones I like to work out
and when I work out I run and so I
really wanted some good
Lucy's headphones where I didn't have to
worry about the cable but I wanted some
that stayed in my ear and sounded good
so it started with the sound Pete's now
I fell into the Amazon trap I saw that
there are thousands of reviews everyone
loved them you know they're only like
twenty five dollars what could go wrong
they were terrible like they do their
job but they just don't do it well in
this case you do get what you pay for
the sound quality is good but it's not
the best especially when you start
running and you're jumping up and down
the seal of the headphone is continually
broken so your music just goes in and
out doesn't sound that great they're
kind of heavy and there's not any really
extra support to the headphones so they
really don't stay in your ears that well
so if you are just casually lounging
around the house or maybe just lifting
weights and you want a cheap bluetooth
headphone these are for you but if
a serious music person and you're a
runner these aren't for you
next up are the jaybird bluetooth
headphones I really love him he's out of
the box they were kind of hard to get
going because there's a complicated
strapping thing that you have to do I do
that over the ear style and it works
well they sound amazing the sound is
actually really really good with these
but they don't stay in my ears as well
as the next one I'm going to talk about
and you can also buy the phone ear tips
and I have heard that those really help
the ear from the state and your ear
better the last pair of Bluetooth
everyone's I'm going to talk about are
the beats the power beats I was actually
really surprised by these I found on
Amazon for like 150 they're the white
ones are ourselves so I picked up a pair
and I actually really dig these these
are my go to the over the ear support
really helps us staying in my ears
even though I have like really tiny ears
it does work well for me sound quality
like all Beats headphones they are super
super basic when you're working out
running lifted weights you know some
extra moves and your music is good so
the bass works works it does but
I wouldn't choose Beats headphones as
like normal listening headphones just
because I think they are too bass heavy
but I think it works for the workout
setting and I really like the
out-of-the-box comfort of these new
tooth earphones and they weren't there's
nothing difficult you know assembling
them or anything you just take them out
of the box charge them and you're good
to go so of all these three headphones
if I had to pick one winner it would be
the power beats and the Jaybirds are
awesome you look up reviews for those
those are great too
it's just really depending on what you
want I only recommend the sound Pete's
if it's like for work around the house
or something I really don't recommend
them for running moving on to headphones
when it comes to headphones I alternate
between three of them and I am a big
Bowers & Wilkins fan the two Bowers and
Wilkins headphones that I own are on-ear
headphones and the other one that I'm
going to talk about are these Sony's and
those are overly here when it comes to
over the ear headphones I looked into
the Bose headphones and they sounded
like crap like they sounded terrible so
I did that go with the Bose raw and then
I heard about just like these Sony's
they're like a classic headphone if you
see any artists like recording and you
know a recording session and you see
these Sony headphones with like the blue
sticker they are everywhere they sound
amazing
have the most like flat so when I say
flat I mean like evenly distributed you
know it's not super bass-heavy or super
trebly they're just like rocking solid
headphones in they're cheap and
uncomfortable and if I had to choose one
headphone for you to buy it'd be these
they don't look super sexy or anything
but they're just rock-solid moving on to
the Bowers and Wilkins I own the bar
samokhin p5 and the p3 the p5 are just
amazing you put them on there like
little pillows sitting on your ears are
super comfortable they do a great job of
blocking out sound these are my go-to
headphones for when I am on the airplane
they block out the you know general buzz
of the plane very well and the sound
quality is rockin I mean these are
fantastic with any on-ear headphone they
will get kind of uncomfortable over time
but I have found these that they stay
comfortable for longer longer than some
other on your headphones that I had
experience with because I love my p5 so
much I bought the smaller form factor
ones the P threes and white just because
I thought it looked cool and I wanted
kind of just a smaller form factor
headphone for just casual listening
whether I was at school or just running
around and I really liked these two I
really have nothing bad to say about
Bowers & Wilkins they are always killing
it I think they just came out with a
bluetooth headphones and I'd love to
check that out but I don't want to spend
more money on headphones so if you buy
them
let me know how they sound so when it
comes to the difference between over the
ear or on the ear if you're looking for
you know comfort you know what
headphones are you gonna be able to wear
for hours upon hours I would definitely
choose the over the ear I always go to
over in the ear headphones we're not
editing because they can just stay on my
person forever and you know it really
doesn't get uncomfortable if you're a
chick and have earrings and wear
earrings
then on ear headphones can get annoying
but that is about it I hope this helped
if you're curious about you know what
have phones to buy or what Bluetooth
earphones you need for running or a you
know if you're curious as to what I Jam
out to my music with I hope this helped
so hit that like and subscribe button
new videos every single Tuesday and I
will see you next week thank you so much
for watching
study all the licks my favorite players
and learn the songs I was more
interested in yeah we could do that and
we get cover songs oh we could write
songs like let's make things let's
create I was always like more interested
in creating and when you're you're
playing